Adding managed repo download (#7531)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/git/managed-repository.md

6. Click **Create**.
   <Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/cloud-configuring-dbt-cloud/managed-repo.png" title="Adding a managed repository"/>

## Download managed repository

To download a copy of your managed repository from <Constant name="cloud" /> to your local machine:

> 1. Navigate to a project using a managed repository.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Use the **Project** selector on the main left-side menu to navigate to a project using a managed repository.
```

> 1. Navigate to a project using the managed repository feature.

Reviewer: The "feature" part had me confused.
```suggestion
1. Navigate to a project using a managed repository.
```

> 1. Use the **Project** selector on the main left-side menu to navigate to a project using a managed repository.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Use the **Project** selector on the main left-side menu to navigate to a project that's using a managed repository.
```

> 2. Click **Dashboard** from the main left-side menu.

Reviewer: So there are two ways to get to a project. I was in the Account settings > Project so I didn't see "Dashboard." Maybe we can orient them in step 1 to selecting "Project" from the left nav as well?

3. From the dashboard, click **Settings**.
4. Locate the **Repository** field and click the hyperlink for the repo.

> 5. Below the **Deploy key** will be the **Download repository** option. Click the button to download. If you don't see this option, you're either not assigned a [permission set](/docs/cloud/manage-access/enterprise-permissions#account-permissions) with `write` access to Git repositories, or you don't have a managed repo for your project. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Below the **Deploy key** you can find the **Download repository** option. Click the button to download. If you don't see this option, you're either not assigned a [permission set](/docs/cloud/manage-access/enterprise-permissions#account-permissions) with `write` access to Git repositories, or you don't have a managed repo for your project. 
```

> 5. Below the **Deploy key** you can find the **Download repository** option. Click the button to download. If you don't see this option, you're either not assigned a [permission set](/docs/cloud/manage-access/enterprise-permissions#account-permissions) with `write` access to Git repositories, or you don't have a managed repo for your project. 

Author: ```suggestion
5. Below the **Deploy key** you will find the **Download repository** option. Click the button to download. If you don't see this option, you're either not assigned a [permission set](/docs/cloud/manage-access/enterprise-permissions#account-permissions) with `write` access to Git repositories, or you don't have a managed repo for your project. 
```
